I knew it. I knew I love them so much. Oh my god. I'm not even kidding. No one would know to ask that question, but I need to ask that question because I know you
(upbeat music)
- It's been a while.
- When was your last recording?
Was it more than two weeks ago?
- Two weeks?
Yeah, we didn't have two episodes.
Does that mean it's been three weeks or two weeks?
I don't know.
Haven't talked to you since last year.
That joke never gets old.
It's always good. - It's not true.
We talked yesterday.
- Damn it. - We got a recurring meeting yesterday.
- We did.
We had a recurring meeting.
I'm actually super excited about this recurring meeting.
I feel like it makes Terminal more real.
It gives us all a little more.
Like I feel more motivated after the call yesterday.
- Yeah, it's true.
- We're all on the same page.
We got stuff we want to do.
It feels good.
I think the recurring meeting's good.
As much as I hate meetings.
- Yeah, I'll allow it in this case.
There's mitigating circumstances
that mitigate my hate of meetings, so.
- What are the mitigating circumstances?
I'm not smart enough.
- It's like not anyone's primary thing.
So it's easy for it to flip.
- Yeah, do you think we'll actually
have the meeting every week,
or is it gonna be like seldom?
- No, I think we'll have it every week.
I don't think everyone has to make it every week, but.
- Sure, yeah.
- Yeah.
For example, I didn't make it yesterday.
- Yeah, for example.
(laughing)
That wasn't frustrating at all.
I don't know if you realize how important you are
to those meetings because there are lots of ideas, Dax.
Lots of ideas that are coming in.
Everyone has ideas.
We need someone to say, here's what we're gonna do.
(laughing)
- Yeah, I know.
I saw you guys in the call and I was like,
I'm gonna come, I'm gonna join here.
And they're just gonna, it's just gonna be like,
in some place that I don't even, I can't even imagine.
- What is the TV show?
Is it community when the guy walks in with the pizza box
and everything's on fire?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
- Yeah, it was that situation.
I wished we weren't on the call yet until you were on.
(laughing)
- I'm not throwing shade at any of our team members.
It's just, without you, we're kind of the Wild West.
We would do a lot of things.
I don't know if they'd be in any direction at all,
but we would blow with the wind.
- We're gonna talk a lot of terminal stuff today,
just for what it's worth.
Sorry podcast listeners, this is as much tactical
as it is content at this point today after a few weeks.
We didn't even plan on taking a break.
I don't even know if we talked about like,
hey, let's just take a break.
I think it just kind of happened.
- Yeah, my productivity wasn't great.
It wasn't at zero because I do like the two weeks
where everything is kind of quiet,
'cause I could do a bunch of stuff without,
like every day I wake up and the first thing I do
is go through our support channel.
And I don't like doing that.
So it's just this like, every day starts off on a negative.
In a lot of ways, it's just like hard to get started.
And those two weeks, you know, it's not like,
I know there's not much going on,
and no one's gonna like interrupt me
in the middle of the day and stuff.
So it's a special two weeks every year,
but I wasn't that productive either.
- Yeah, I could tell you were kind of like,
just chilling, taking a little time.
But between, it's not doing the podcast,
not talking for that reason.
And just like, I mean, everyone's pretty quiet
during those two weeks.
But that just kind of reminds me of why I hate
those two weeks and vacations and summer.
And anytime when I'm working and other people aren't,
I love when I'm not working and other people are,
that's fine.
It's just when it's the other way around.
It's very frustrating.
- Yeah, I could sense it.
- Yeah, so maybe before we get into a bunch of terminal stuff,
how you been?
- How are things? We really haven't talked much.
- I'm gonna talk about the weather.
That's what I'm gonna do.
- Oh my God, Dax, no one cares about your 54 degree days
in Miami.
Like, that's the warmest day I've had here in a month
if I had a 54 degree day.
- Okay, I wake up and I walk outside
in my underwear and it's 50 degrees.
And that is not a good feeling.
Okay, so then I walk back inside and I'm like,
okay, let me like put on clothes, I guess.
- I guess.
- So anyways, I'm like, what do I even wear?
It's like, oh, I guess I have to wear it.
I'm wearing this like, I don't even know what to call it.
I don't even remember what these clothes are called anymore.
- They're called pants, Dax.
Those are pants.
- I'm talking about that.
Well, yeah, it's pants.
Yeah, put on pants.
And then this is like, is this a sweater?
- Looks like a sweater, yeah.
- It's a sweatshirt?
Maybe it's a sweatshirt.
- A sweatshirt, yes.
Okay, I'm not so good at this either.
- A sweatshirt, go outside,
'cause you don't have to blow bubbles for Zuko.
And my feet are freezing 'cause I don't wanna put on shoes.
And then like, my plastic grass is very cold.
(laughing)
- Plastic grass.
- So that's very uncomfortable, okay, whatever.
Then I come inside, start my day.
I'm sitting in my room.
I don't have a heater in my house.
- Oh, yeah, in Miami, I guess you wouldn't.
- It's, actually, I think I might have a heater.
I just don't, I've never tried.
I don't know where it is.
More of the butts are.
I think if I turned up my temperature,
I think the heater would kick on, actually, but I don't know.
It's weird to use a heater.
So now I'm sitting here.
And I've always said this problem where my hands
get really cold, like my hands are just,
this blood just does not make it to my extremities.
There's something called like rain nods or something.
- Oh, I don't have a condition, but when I work,
like typing at my computer, and then I go like upstairs
and I like pick up my boy or something,
he's like, ah, your hands are so cold.
Like my hands do get very cold, yeah.
- Yeah, so right now my hands are ice cold.
- Yeah.
- But that's what I'm dealing with.
And it's really sad for me.
It's probably the most tragic thing going on in the world
right now, whether related.
- Oh my word.
- Dex, it's 26 degrees here right now.
I just looked at my watch.
Low of 12.
Would you die?
Would you just fall over and die?
I mean, you're from New York.
- I would just die.
It's just, the resistance wears quickly.
Like whatever.
- Yeah, the acclimation thing is so interesting.
Like if I went outside and it was 50 something degrees
right now, I could be on my underwear
and it'd be perfectly fine.
- You'd be wearing shorts, yeah, I remember that.
- Yeah, it would sound amazing.
- This is gonna last two weeks.
I have to deal with this for two whole weeks.
I don't know if we warm again.
- That's the period of winter you have there in Miami,
two weeks.
- This is, first couple weeks in January, so it was like this.
- This is the best time to be in Southern Florida,
in my opinion.
I don't wanna be there in May or June, any of the summer.
- No, that's better.
- This time of year, when you can be outside on Christmas
and it's not that bad, that's nice.
I guess I'm always coming from a visiting standpoint.
So it feels nice, but if you live there,
I guess it's just so cold.
- I mean, if you're okay risking death from freezing,
yeah, I guess you, I guess that's fine.
- Oh, that's funny, okay.
Well, no one can relate with you.
- That's how I've been.
- So, now I'm glad you're surviving.
You're difficult weather there in Miami.
- Not hurricanes, that's not difficult.
54 degrees.
- No, hurricanes are easy.
Literally no, hurricane is not a problem at all.
(laughs)
We have fortresses here that are impenetrable.
We're good.
- Yeah.
- Okay, but here's another detail.
So I got kicked out of the kitchen,
'cause you know, I've been making two steaks
every single day.
- Yeah.
- We don't have a hood, like a range.
- A range.
- So I've just been blasting smoke into my kitchen
for like three months, and it's just been covering
everything with like a thin layer of something.
I don't know, I don't know what.
But I kicked out of the kitchen.
So now I have an outdoor setup.
I got a propane tank and a burner outside.
- Oh, no, you have to go outside in the cold.
- So now I have to cook out steaks.
- And like I have to put my hands over,
I put my hand over the firewall,
'cause it's to stay warm.
- Oh, guys, I'm really struggling right here.
- That's the hardest anyone's ever struggled ever.
- Probably.
- Yeah, I have to do that to eat my rib eyes.
So take your advice.
- Yeah, you have so many tweets about meat.
It's crazy.
Just how many of your tweets are like,
here's a picture of Wagyu or whatever.
It's just, it's like your whole timeline.
I mean, you tweet a lot.
So it's a small percentage of your tweets, but.
- Yeah, it's, I'm literally, I like ration myself.
I want to tweet even more about meat.
I want to tweet about it like twice a day,
but I never check myself like twice a week.
- Just an alt account.
- Yeah. - That's just meat.
- Yeah.
- There just needs to be circles.
Remember, what was the, when like Google came out
with a social media thing, and I remember,
do you remember that?
Like this just, I just like.
- Who was that called again?
- Google one, or what was it?
There was like a whole like media frenzy,
and we all felt it in there.
It was like Y2K.
It felt like Google's gonna take over.
Facebook isn't gonna be the dominant social media anymore.
It's gonna be Google.
- Google plus.
- Google plus, which now is probably a different product.
That sounds like an actual product, I don't know.
You know what I mean?
- Yeah.
- Do you remember that feeling when that was coming out
that it was like.
- I never felt like it was gonna be,
I never felt anything about it.
- Oh really?
- It just felt like this random thing.
- I remember feeling like this is gonna take over
and Facebook's gonna be left in the dust,
and they had this concept of circles.
And like you said, all your different, yeah.
And it kind of makes sense.
Like you have different friends for different reasons,
and maybe they care about this,
and the other group cares about that,
and you don't wanna share everything with everybody.
I don't know.
It kind of makes sense, but in practice,
I don't think it does it.
Nobody wants to manage that kind of stuff.
- Yeah, how have you been?
- I've been good.
Okay, I got a little obsessed with the thing I'm working on,
and that's dominated some of my thoughts for,
well it was like the Christmas break.
It was kind of like your period of not doing much.
I took a week off the Christmas week,
and by taking it off, I mean I took it off
from my normal work, and I got obsessed
with this little project, and it's stupid,
and it's fun.
And yeah, it's literally unbelievable.
Okay, we can't talk about it yet,
but I do not even understand how Adam is doing this thing.
It's like, it's so weird and crazy,
and I'm like looking at it and using it,
and I'm just like, I don't understand
how this is even possible or how it works.
- It's made possible by two facts
that again, can't really say,
man, we have too many secrets around here.
- We just, I just thought.
And this isn't even gonna come out for months, probably,
because we're gonna wait, and we got other stuff to do,
but yeah, there's two little known facts.
Two facts I didn't know about that make this possible.
And then yeah, it just opens up all kinds of possibilities
once you know those two facts.
So stay tuned to terminal dumbness.
There will be something dumb at some point.
Well, there'll be a lot of dumb things between now and then.
- I think this might top coffee over SSH.
This might top it.
- Spoiler, it may be another way to buy coffee.
- Yeah, this might top it.
- Even dumber.
- Yeah, anyway, other than that, been good.
Ace is back in school, so my oldest is back to school.
We hired a nanny, and then she was like, nevermind.
After a week, Archie fell in love with her.
- Aw, that's sad.
- Like literally told her every day she left.
Like, I love you, bye.
And like, every day, when is she coming?
When is she coming?
And then turns out, she doesn't wanna be a nanny.
So it was her first try being a nanny.
And I think she just got bored playing all day.
Literally, we just wanted her to play with our youngest
'cause he just needs constant, like, companionship.
And it means nobody gets anything done around here.
And she was basically like, it's such an easy job.
I even feel bad taking money for it.
He's the sweetest, it's too easy.
Sorry, I don't wanna do it.
I'm like, whoa.
What? (laughing)
Okay, so we're trying to find another nanny.
We have one starting on Monday.
We'll see how that one goes.
- Okay, so I have a bunch of questions about this
because I don't know if you saw AJ posted a tweet
'cause he's looking for daycare for his new baby.
That's like, probably six months older or so now.
And in Boston, which is like probably,
I think he was saying is maybe the most expensive place
in the world for daycare.
It's like $200 a month.
- Wow.
- That's for daycare where you like leave them
with a bunch of, you know,
it's not like an individual person is taking care of it.
- Yeah, I can hire a full-time nanny for that here.
- Yeah, so I was gonna ask, like, so I'm like, what?
Right, I was like, I should probably look into this
and understand these costs, not that.
- Yeah.
- Like I think you're just, you're just stuck paying for it.
There's like no, there's no really a way to wiggle out of it.
But yeah, I had the same thought.
I was like, that seems like you just have a full-time person.
- Yeah. - And the person that you hired,
like, are they considered full-time
or is it like a part-time thing?
- Like, I mean, these nannies are,
most of them are open to both.
They prefer full-time, so.
- Yeah, but in your situation specifically,
is that, is it a full-time thing?
- Yeah, we're trying to get somebody for just like 30 hours.
We weren't trying to do 40.
And the two people we've talked to have been fine with that,
like 30 versus 40.
- Like six hours a day.
That what that comes out to.
- Something like that, yeah.
I think that's right.
- Yeah, yeah, five days, six hours, yeah, that's right.
It would just make a huge difference in our life
because then Casey could actually have any time
where she wanted to do something she wanted to do,
or just even like, we just get so behind on house stuff,
chore stuff that needs to be done.
Archie's kind of a special needs-ish child.
He needs a lot of something.
And we know we're not just crazy,
and he's not just spoiled or whatever,
because we've had another child,
and he wasn't like this at all.
Yeah, we don't know.
It's something we're gonna figure it out at some point,
but we'll see if Nanny to take two works.
- Is this like a minimum wage job?
Is it like, I'm trying to understand what-
- Yeah, I don't know what minimum wage is,
but it's around here anyway in Missouri.
It's like $15 to $20 an hour for Nanny.
That's what we're seeing.
- That sounds too crazy.
- It's not nuts, yeah.
The first one we had was like in her mid 20s.
This next one is 17.
She just graduated high school,
and she doesn't wanna go to college,
and she wants to be a Nanny.
So, and she's actually like-
- It's been a lot of high school babysitting, like a lot.
So, I don't know, we'll see.
It'd be cool if we could have something for a few years
that we knew it wasn't gonna get married
and have babies and then leave us.
'Cause we had an assistant, Hayley,
who helps with this podcast.
Hi, Hayley, she is amazing.
Hayley's the best, and then she had a baby.
Congratulations, Hayley, I hate you.
Now she's having your second baby.
So, that's the thing.
You find somebody you really love, and they're great,
and they fit in your home, and everybody loves them,
and then life events, you know?
Just kind of the nature of-
- But what about going to the opposite extreme?
Get someone that's like 65?
- So, that's another thing we've talked about.
Like, can we just hire and have like another grandma if we pay
to come here?
That could be interesting too.
We, I don't know if we've had a lot of people apply
that were older.
- Older?
- Yeah, most of them have been younger.
Maybe that's just a geographic thing,
maybe in this area, I don't know.
It does seem like there's gotta be a bunch of women out there,
men I get, probably women.
We would probably prefer older women, I don't know.
Is that okay to say?
- No, it's fine.
- Okay, yeah, it's fine.
I prefer it'd be a woman, so there.
Whatever.
- No manis.
- No manis, like, there has to be older women
that don't have grandkids or their own,
or their grandkids live far away,
and they're like, "Man, I wish I could just gram all day."
That's probably a thing too.
We'll see.
Hey, if you live in the Ozarks,
specifically close to Springfield, Missouri,
and you would like to nanny for our adorable
little five-year-old boy.
Just take me out.
- And you're an older woman.
- Yeah, older woman or?
- The same to this podcast.
- You're really anybody.
If you listen to this podcast,
that's a pretty quick filter that I'm gonna hire you, so.
'Cause I'm an narcissist and I want anyone in the home
to know that I have a great podcast.
(laughing)
- So they're basically in the house all day,
or they're like taking him out to my or how's it?
- Mostly in the house all day, yeah.
I guess we haven't really sent,
we haven't put either of our boys in the car
with other people very much, like grandparents,
but that's about it.
Ooh, that's scary.
Ooh, yeah, oh man.
My oldest is gonna be driving in like five years.
Ooh, what is that gonna feel like?
I get it, I get all the tropes about like crying
as they pull out of the driveway,
'cause that's terrifying to think of my kid.
I mean, he's 10 now, so I guess it would be terrifying
if he was driving right now, but yeah, we'll see.
- Yeah, I get it.
Yeah, so yeah, we were talking about this too,
and it's, yeah, we have some options
because we have a lot of family.
- Must be nice.
And, but like, you know, we have this whole thing
where this is very unsure how confident she is
in taking that option.
Yeah, yeah, and then there's like,
and I don't know if this is, I don't know where you are,
is populated enough for this to be a thing,
but there's a type of nanny you're talking about,
then there's like more professional ones
that are like trained in certain ways.
So people, and obviously there's like a price difference there.
- Yeah, sure.
- And then there's like the local daycare
which we can walk to, which to me sounds fun,
especially when the kid is like not an infant,
'cause there's like other kids and stuff.
But yeah, again, how expensive is it?
Is it full, is there like a weightless, like all that stuff?
People, we will talk about how impossible it is.
And in New York, this was like so crazy.
All this stuff was just like so crazy,
so impossible, like so difficult.
- Yeah, for, I guess for our situation,
he's just a year away from, he probably goes
to school in August.
We think he's gonna enjoy school.
- Yeah, short term thing.
- Yeah, it's really not long that we would need it
unless he waits to you, 'cause he could technically,
he wouldn't have to be in school
until the following August.
So it's possible we need it for a couple of years,
but we'll see.
- Yeah, the other option that exists here,
which again, I don't know how maybe this is an everywhere thing,
but if you look up daycares on Google Maps in Miami,
you'll just come across just like normal looking houses
because it's pretty normal for like one person
in the neighborhood just to like kind of start a business
where they just take a bunch of kids
and just be like, they'll have like five or six kids
at a time and it's just at their house
and it's like, you know, on a big street.
And obviously it's probably more affordable then.
- Yeah.
- Some of the other options.
- Yeah, I guess we haven't looked at daycares.
I mean, we're just both home.
So it'd feel weird to like take a kid.
- It's nice that that's what I was saying, Liz.
I was like, I feel better if they're just,
again, assuming they're not old enough
where like they would even interact with other kids,
especially when they're like in fence or whatever.
- Right.
- As like, it feels better if someone's at her house
versus us dropping them off some more orange.
- Yeah, and it's crazy that the cost isn't that different.
- Well, I guess I'm comparing Missouri and Boston.
So maybe very different.
I don't know.
Okay, that's enough about nannying and babies and kids
and all those things.
Let's talk terminal.
'Cause I have so many thoughts and questions.
And by the way, this show is sponsored by terminal.
Fire coffee.
No, subscribe to cron.
No, become a cron member.
We're going to make cron.
It's a membership, it's exclusive club.
You're going to have so many benefits
if you become a member of terminal, cron.
Max, tell them what they're going to get.
(laughing)
- You know, it's so crazy that we don't even want
to talk about it to anyone besides our cron members.
So we have a lot of really weird, crazy ideas.
We need to pull people to do it with.
So yeah, like if you're a cron member as boy,
we're going to, that's the first place we're going to go
for that stuff.
So if you want to support us,
if you want to help us do some of the weird stuff we do,
please subscribe.
And we're going to keep saying every episode.
And the way you do that, we're going to say it every episode.
You can just SSH terminal.shop.
So go into our SSH store and you can become a member
from in there, just buy cron.
There you go.
So the thoughts I have about terminal,
I haven't that call yesterday.
And Began, BeganBot has been joining just like in our slack,
he's in calls, he's a wealth of ideas.
He had the idea that nerds sniped me
into this obsession I currently have.
So he's got all kinds of wacky ideas.
Love BeganBot.
Just being on that call, I realized like,
there's kind of this like,
we got the left brain, right brain thing going at terminal.
I feel like me, you and David could execute
and build anything and build it really well.
Like we're very like precise,
and we make really high quality things that we make.
And then prime, teach and Began are like our crazy cousins.
And they have the most wild ideas.
And they could just like, run with some stuff.
I feel like they should be able to just run
with like a lot of Began's ideas around
like what digital membership could look like for cron.
Like, I wanna like unlock them
and let us keep building the very normal looking coffee company
that's high quality, a great experience buying our coffee.
Not that we don't overlap and that there's not like,
cross pollination happening.
But I wanna feel like they can like,
do stuff without us having to be a bottleneck to their stuff.
Does that make sense?
- Yeah, yeah, I gotcha.
And I think the way I always look at this stuff is,
I feel like companies always
fall into these like two distinct phases
where there's an initial phase,
where you have all these crazy ideas that you wanna do,
but you just can't do them in this initial phase.
- Yeah.
- Then you hit some kind of milestone
where then you can now start doing a lot of things
that was kind of the point
of even starting the company in the first place.
But that like sometimes takes like years
and sometimes companies like never even get there.
So to me, I feel like we're like in that initial phase,
I don't think we're far from being out of it,
but it's gonna feel uncomfortable
whenever we have these like really exciting things
because we don't really have a mechanism to,
there's like so much foundation to lay
before we can do that.
- Yeah, that explains the way I feel a lot, I think.
'Cause we do have so many ideas
and it just feels like
because it's everybody's kind of side thing,
it feels like we're always gonna have more good ideas
than we have bandwidth to execute on them.
We were saying maybe there's just this phase we're in
and eventually we get into a phase
where more of these kind of things that we dream up
and wanna do actually happen.
- Yeah, yeah, I don't think we're that far from it.
There's just some stuff that we need to set up
and it's funny to think like it's always easier to forget
'cause we're always focusing the next thing
and we like forget of all the things
that have added up already.
- Yeah.
- Like we don't think at all about our
crafty purchases at all right now.
- Yeah, it just happens.
- It's like totally, that used to be something
that was like such a focus and every single week
we were like trying to make that happen
and now we like don't even think about it at all.
So I think eventually some of the stuff we're working on now
will get there and then we'll have more leverage
to do some of these bigger things.
- Yeah.
- It's gonna be uncomfortable, it's over there.
- But did what I said, does it make any sense to you?
- Yeah, that makes a little sense.
Yeah, I think the way you described
just like the leanings of the people makes sense
and people, yeah, I think not being able to make the stuff
they want to make happen is not good.
- Yeah, it's like, like I would never do,
like I'm thinking from like a marketing standpoint
and just like creating content and putting stuff out there.
- I would never do anything like what those three would do.
It's just not in me, I'm like very perfectionisty
and like everything's very polished
and I want to do things like a certain way.
But like they're like fire from the hip, crazy ideas
and like some of them not even a lot of effort
but they really resonate with the people who like terminal.
I feel like that has to come from them
and how do we allow them to go direct?
How do they not like, I don't know,
have to like run stuff through the company or something?
Like, does that make sense?
I feel like there's like a disconnect
where they can't just do those things
and I don't know what it is.
- So like I think what you're describing is the idea is born
and then nothing ever happens after.
And part of that is because maybe they like literally
can't make it happen, that's half of it.
But I think the other half is actually just a little bit
of a, I don't know what the right word here is but
it's the same dynamic where everybody in the planet,
everybody, but every engineer in the planet has ideas
for like sad projects or whatever.
And like such a small fraction of people get it to happen
because it's very easy to underestimate
like all this other invisible stuff around these things
that you need to do.
And then when you start doing it,
you're like suddenly become aware of it
and then your motivation just
or you get distracted or it goes away.
So yeah, like that muscle I think is just a little weaker
with them 'cause that they just,
this is like not something that they've done a lot.
- So there's this perfect example
where one of them had an idea for if we're late,
like we can't ship our first CRON membership box
on February 1st and we have to March 1st,
we could just send a blank shipment that has like a node
in it that's like project delayed.
It's kind of funny like programmer humor.
And that idea just sounds like, yeah, let's just do that.
But it's like when you start thinking about,
okay, how would we do that?
The actual logistics of that are kind of a pain in the ass.
And like there's actual steps that have to happen
to make that happen.
It's not just like, oh, okay, yeah,
that's just to like buys this time thing.
Like no, that's actually a thing now we'd have to do.
What does that note look like?
Is it printed?
Is it written?
How are we getting all that set up for Maher?
How big of a box?
What are we, are we putting in an envelope?
What are we doing?
Like there's so many questions still
that like an idea like that can sound so easy
and like this is a thing we can do
because we're not going to have the hard thing ready.
But even that is like a whole bunch of work
and it's kind of a hard thing.
- Yeah, yeah.
And it just comes down to like for a high performing team
everyone has to understand everything.
There's like just no way around that.
So if you don't like really know how the details
of what it looks like from having an idea
to like making it happen, you just don't have it.
You just like don't build up the sense around that.
- Yeah.
So I think those three have the desire and the bandwidth
to like execute on these things.
Do we just need to help coach and guide them
towards taking those steps?
Maybe that's it?
- Yeah, I would say so.
I haven't thought about this at all.
So I haven't like, I haven't like been able,
I haven't like done anything to help that.
- Yeah, use your big brain.
Do that thing where you just stare at the wall and think
and maybe come up with some answers on this.
One unlock us to do more of the crazy things.
- I love two minds.
So one is what I just described.
Like the best team, every single person does everything.
Like they just not do everything.
And that's just always going to be the best.
But it's not realistic to take any group of people
and have that situation come out
because we have some advantages.
It's not like there's some upsides
to the different people on the team
that like are very specific.
And the thing I'm describing is not very specific.
It's a very general way of doing things.
So the other part of me thinks, okay,
like maybe we need to build a way to make it
so they don't explicitly don't need to like know anything,
you know, anything else about the process.
So yeah, I'm not sure.
Like I just need to think about and understand.
- Yeah, like, I guess I've been thought about it too much.
But yeah, if we just get better
at some of the common logistical stuff
that always happens whenever we do something
and it's just kind of like something that's not,
isn't it like going from zero every single time?
- Yeah.
- Then it's possible that like they don't even need to know much
and it's kind of all enabled.
- Yeah.
- The other thing is like literally if we just have,
if we just make enough money to hire one person,
that is like basically full time,
that kind of just serves as like the solution
to a lot of this stuff.
- Okay, like it's not just stuff we send to people
who buy stuff.
It's like just our social and content properties.
Like that could all just be blown out so much more than it is.
And I feel like they have that skill.
So that would be great.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
There's a bunch of stuff, but I think ultimately
like you're identifying a problem correctly.
I just don't know exactly what to do about this.
- What the solutions are.
- Yeah.
Okay, that's fair.
- Totally fair.
Yeah, there's just a lot of stuff on the terminal front now
with the coffee business that I care about.
I feel like toward the end of last year,
it was like terminal is an events company.
And after our last event,
it's like very excited about doing these events.
And that was just a lot of fun.
And now I kind of think like in January,
I'm just feeling like we got a lot of stuff we could do
to make the whole like we're an e-commerce business thing
more real.
And yeah, I guess I'm excited about that again.
I don't know about events.
- Yeah, I mean, that has to be the foundational thing
'cause that's the only thing that is available
that we can like, like I said,
we don't even think about our week to week coffee sales anymore.
- Yeah, it just happens.
It's kind of nice.
- Yeah, whereas an events thing
is never gonna really get there.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, we just haven't like tapped.
There's like so much untapped stuff here.
- Oh man, we should do it.
- Another little teaser for those who haven't become
a CRON member, if you're listening to this podcast
and you're not a CRON member, how dare you?
- What are you even doing?
- What are you even doing with your life?
If you're not a CRON member,
just a little teaser that the first bag has been designed.
It's hopefully gonna go out February 1st.
And it's amazing.
It's hilarious and amazing.
And David is incredible.
Like art won't be the best designer ever.
David is just the best.
- It's so funny 'cause when we were describing the idea
during the meeting,
yeah, I had like an image of it in my head.
And then like an hour later,
David designed it and posted it.
And I was just laughing 'cause I was like,
this looks like nothing like what I imagined.
- That's so good.
- It's like a thousand times better than anything
I could even comprehend it.
- So it was an hour after the meeting,
he posted the artwork.
And during the meeting, when we're describing the idea,
he's having like Google and look up what we're talking about
'cause he's never heard of this.
We went from not knowing this was a thing in programmer land
to like designing this amazing bag
that represents the idea so well in an hour.
It was impressive.
- That's so funny.
- Yeah.
Okay, so that's terminal.
Anything else about terminal?
Should I throw something else, but I can't remember.
- No, I think that's it.
- That's it?
- That's it.
Okay, what else we're gonna talk about?
What's been going on in tech?
You wanna talk about technology?
- I was gonna tell you some,
I've been doing a lot more YouTube.
- How do you have?
I've seen some of your YouTube.
- Yeah, so we've been, that's like,
it's a bunch of stuff with like the actual,
like I see itself has gone to a good place.
So now like we're reallocating effort to
- Marketing.
- The YouTube side, yeah.
And it's kind of funny.
I'm like, all right, this is gonna sound really arrogant.
So prepare yourself.
- Dax.
(laughing)
- No one is surprised.
Okay, I'm like, we're gonna do YouTube seriously.
Let's try to like max out what we can get out of it.
I looked at a bunch of other company YouTube
trying to like figure out like, okay, what's the bar?
Like what's possible?
Looking at other like tech individual YouTubers
in our space, that's looking at their numbers.
And I was like, okay, let's set some goals for ourselves.
Let's get to a place where for like a educational type video
we put out get 10,000 views in a week.
That's like, from what I saw is like,
that seems like a decent goal.
Everyone always talks about how hard YouTube is
and even getting there would probably be pretty difficult.
The first video we did got 25,000 in two days.
And I'm kind of like looking at this and I'm like,
so I started watching a lot more YouTube in the past month.
Not like in our space, just like in general.
I've been trying to like reduce,
I would like reallocate like what I'm watching
and doing more YouTube so I understand it better.
And I like, and I see a bunch of people that I like
and I watched her stuff and it is so, so much better
from every like micro, like the obviously production quality,
but also like every single word they say in the video
was like perfect.
Whereas for me, I feel like 30% of the words
in my video were correct and like, you know.
It's like, I'm definitely right at the beginning.
But like, it's already doing better
than what everyone kind of makes it out to be.
I feel like your tubers are always like,
this is so hard, like it's so hard to be a YouTuber
and get views and like, it's just such a grime.
But there's like talking about stuff and like,
okay, maybe I just had one lucky video
and like the rest are gonna suck, but like I've made two cents
and they've all crossed that initial goal
that I thought was gonna take us a year to get to.
So I say, it just feels a little bit like--
- This is too easy.
- No, I'm like, I'm more commenting about like the attitude
from the YouTubers of being like--
- Oh, I see.
- I kind of wonder like, are you just making it
so you have less competition?
'Cause like, everyone talks about it.
A lot of people are like, oh, I'm kind of interested
in this, but it sounds really hard.
- It's like gatekeeping, is that what that's called?
- I don't know if that's what it is, but it might be
subconscious, but I'm like, I don't know.
- Well, yeah, I wonder like your case.
Do you chalk that up to like, people are hungry
for more SST information?
Or are you positioning the videos just broadly
to like developers and teaching like,
what is your sort of like positioning of the videos?
- Yeah, so we see two gaps.
So one gap is within the AWS space, they're just--
- Yeah.
- So for example, we made a Aurora verse RDS video.
So I searched up on YouTube.
Okay, Aurora verse RDS.
Classic question that like everyone using
AWS has, like what the hell do you need to do?
One video that I thought was kind of okay, like okay.
Everything else was like just nonsense.
- Yeah.
- So there was really just one result for that.
So we're like, okay, they're pretty crazy.
There just isn't a lot of stuff in this space.
- Yeah.
- So when we make videos like that,
and we have a lot of, we have infinite ideas there
'cause there's just so much stuff we can do,
we don't expect those to go that big
because we're focusing on some audience.
But to be fair, we have like,
it's not like we're starting from zero.
Like we have a community that like, you know,
we'll drive stuff there.
But you know, most of the views are that from there
are coming from like 80 plus percent of the views
on those videos are coming from people discovering it
from within YouTube.
So we're not driving them from Twitter or anywhere else.
- So they're coming from Twitter.
Yeah, sure.
- Yeah.
And then, but then I also, we make a bunch of those
and I'm like, the ratio that roughly have is
for every four of those I make,
then I'll make one of these other kind of videos,
which is trying to come up with stuff
that's as broad as possible.
So the first video I made was just on Go.
I was just like talking about my friends around Go.
- That's when I was thinking of that, yeah.
- And that one did like, I would say that one did probably
like two or three times better than our AWS stuff,
which makes sense, it's a bigger audience.
- Yeah.
- And when I made that video, I was watching it.
I was excited for the idea, then I made it
and I was like, man, like this isn't that good.
And I was kind of like, not super excited
about putting it out.
But then, like I said, it did pretty well compared
to what I'm seeing out there.
- Yeah.
- Like in my head, 50,000 views was like,
if you're gonna get 50,000 views on a video,
you're like super legit to the point where you can get
a response, like it's like, yeah, like a big deal.
But I feel like we're maybe a year away from that.
It doesn't feel like unattainable.
- So it's weird to me, you've talked about
this AWS content gap.
It's weird to me that like AWS is that much more niche
than Go, because like everybody uses AWS.
I feel like for there to be so little
in terms of content out there in the third party world,
like AWS puts out a ton of stuff,
but like YouTubers that just do AWS stuff.
There's not that many and like tons and tons of people
use AWS.
AWS is the thing that's the most common.
That more people use and don't talk about,
it's so weird to me.
Like why on Twitter is there so little discourse
about AWS when like you go to, I remember being at TwitchCon
and TwitchCon is like the most opposite,
even though Amazon owns Twitch.
It's like the most opposite thing to AWS I can imagine.
And we're sitting around,
they're all the developer streamers at TwitchCon
and we're talking about AWS
'cause they'll work places where they use AWS.
And it's just wild to me.
- Yeah, I think what we've, what I found is
I don't know how to position these videos
so that they're stuff that a broad audience
would actually try to watch.
So the Aurora versus RDS one.
So that was me experimenting with,
okay, let me just like hardcore do like a very explicit,
this is an AWS video.
Obviously like you might even find it from searching
about this topic.
But I feel like not that many people,
even if video is good, just not that many people
are even gonna like go watch that.
I don't know why it just doesn't,
I can see how it doesn't feel like appealing.
- Yeah.
- Whereas I can definitely explain some AWS stuff
in a much broader way where a lot of people do watch
and like the AWS part is almost like a Trojan horse
to like explain this bigger topic.
So yeah, I don't know, I just think there's not a lot of,
it's very common, but I think there's not a lot of like
interest in people trying to spend their like educational
hours on that.
- So interesting.
Yeah, it's like, is it not, it's not sexy?
Like if I wanna learn something about developer,
yeah, like I wanna learn some new language.
I wanna learn about Zig 'cause I got some time now,
I got an hour and I wanna watch something.
Like watching like how to choose between RDS and Aurora
versus like I'm gonna learn a new language
is definitely less appealing, I guess.
- Yeah, but I also think you're right in that
it is a giant population and I feel like once we crack
something, like those videos might end up being much bigger.
- Yeah.
- Like there's no reason why they shouldn't be that time
is bigger.
- Yeah, I'm glad you brought this up.
This is actually a thing I forgot that I wanted to talk
about when we were talking about terminal,
which is I got a message this morning from Bash
who is working, she works for Charm, right?
On the Charm CLI, she's in our terminal Discord
and she wanted to show how to fix a bug in our shop
and she's like, well, I can't get it running
'cause I don't have SST set up.
And I've just generally when like, we've open source
or repo, I want to have the open source community
feel like they can come in and do stuff.
We have so much stuff we'd like to do in the shop
if we could have other people doing stuff for free.
That sounds amazing.
But how do we make it so that it's like super simple?
Maybe it is just like more, making a more clear set
of steps if you don't want to run the whole back in.
Maybe just people who want to work on the front end,
that's like a happy path where they don't have to do
anything with SST.
But like more broadly, do you think there's like
still just some kind of gap?
'Cause SST is super easy to get running
and it's super simple, but it's just,
is it lack of familiarity?
- No, the issue here is they don't have an X story,
AWS account, that's actually the problem.
- It's the AWS account dependency.
Can we make, I had this idea, I had that thought
and I had this idea, can we just have like an AWS
sandbox account that we make available
to people who want to do open source contributions?
- If they're just working on the SSH app,
that requires two variables.
So, SST Shell is really nice,
'cause we don't have to like think about it,
but they could also, we could just say like,
make a .n file with pointed to like the dev API server
and the dev auth server or whatever,
whatever it needs.
I've got two with the two R and they just go run it.
- With just node or whatever?
- No, they can just call, they can just do go run.
- Oh, go run, the SSH store, sorry,
that's what we're talking about.
- Yeah, sorry, yeah, yeah, go the language run it, yeah.
- Yeah, okay.
So, but what if they do want to work on the whole project,
but having people set up a new AWS account
or if they've never had an AWS account,
that whole process, just so that they could contribute
to our thing, is it possible that we just give people access
to our AWS account, is that a terrible idea?
- Yeah, it is terrible idea.
- Okay, well, I mean, that literal thing is--
- Not like they can log into the console,
but just like some limited permissions
that they can like interact and use.
- I mean, we think about this as C all the time
because it's like a new user, general new user problem.
Like someone wants to try it as a C, but then,
but they don't have any of this set up
but they don't have any of this account.
There's like a whole set of things there.
Yeah, I mean, there's something to think about.
Like, I think there's a way where we can make them,
'cause if you think about the components,
like we could make it run all locally without--
- I wondered if that's exactly where I was headed
in my mind was like, what if you just had
a little bun served that was like your router?
And what if you just had local versions of all this stuff?
- I mean, if we care about this,
we can rework our architecture to like optimize
for this a little bit.
So if we're radiant, I did do that.
I'm not using, I'm using like almost no AWS specific services.
Like it's just a container for the backend.
So it can run like very simply locally.
Like even if it's SSD dev, like that's just
bringing up local commands for the most part.
- Yeah.
- So yeah, we can like, if there's something we care about,
we can rework it.
I even built, there's nothing I've been working on
as well, we're kind of over over the break a little bit
is our next open library, open event.
But this is like a durable workflow async events thing
that just depends on your database.
Like if we start using that kind of stuff,
then like, yeah, there's no dependency on
some of these more AWS specific things.
- Yeah, I'm trying to think about our current terminal
architecture.
Is it, it's a router with a bunch of Lambda function URLs
for the API?
- Yeah, I know.
So we can just swap that to a container.
- Yeah, it could just be a container.
And then we can just run it locally with Docker
and everybody's happy.
- Not even with Docker, just run it just--
- But our database, oh, database plan scale.
- You'd have to bring up MySQL locally.
- Yeah. - Okay, bring up MySQL locally, yeah.
- So I want to understand better,
like what, I don't expect anyone to work on a backend.
- I don't either, I guess.
But like, it'd be, yeah.
I guess maybe not.
Yeah, maybe the use case is just,
I want people to be able to come in
and work on our front ends.
We have a few of them.
And add features. - Yeah, that's a creation.
We just need to make that a little bit easier.
It shouldn't require too much rework.
- Yeah.
Okay, yeah, I don't want to do a big thing,
a big effort just to support a use case nobody has.
I don't, yeah, I can't imagine somebody
wanting to change our API.
And it's being like, yes, merge that P on it.
(laughing)
It sounds far-fetched.
- And if they're, if they have something
that they do want to do like that,
they should be good enough to submit a PR
without ever having running the app.
- Just side unseen, just first try.
I don't need to debug.
- If you can't do that, like it's unlikely your PR
would have ever been good enough for us to merge.
- Good point.
Oh, I want to talk about AI coding assistants,
because something switched for me over the Christmas break
where I decided I'm going to use these things way, way more.
And maybe you've been using them this much,
but like hit the cloud limits every day,
twice a day kind of thing.
And like just using, I don't know,
do all the, do just like 01 pro have this idea of projects
where you can just drop a bunch of files
as context.
- That could be, did add projects.
Yeah.
- Okay.
- Remember when I switched to cloud,
that was like right when they added the projects feature.
And then it was huge deal.
- So that thing is important for me
because my workflow is to drop like all my current files
I'm working on all the context that needs into the project.
And then I just ask questions in the project
to like make improvements.
- Yep.
I do that with all of our database schemas
'cause then I can just ask it for like,
anytime we need to like have an analytics question,
I can be like, oh, how many users did XYZ things?
And it just puts out a single query.
- Nice.
And it gives you SQL queries?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, I actually just give it the drizzle definition.
So it like can understand all that.
- And it figures it out from there.
Yeah, it's actually kind of incredible
some of the things it can do.
But then also it's kind of incredible
how bad it can be sometimes.
Like you can get it stuck in a loop,
especially if you have one long conversation
and you keep going and keep going.
Where it tries like 15 times to fix a problem
and it just never does it.
Like I just keep going 'cause it's funny
and I wanna see like, will it never figure this out?
You definitely have to figure out like when to leverage it
and when not to because it's,
I haven't figured out the like what problems
are just not good for it.
And what ones it can nail and do them so quickly.
I don't know if you have any secret sauce there,
but like the process of exploring, leveraging it way more.
The workflow is kind of clunky.
Like copy pastes of around.
- That's what I wanna talk about.
So there's, so I have a few thoughts about this.
So one, someone linked me to a CLI tool called Glimpse.
It was made by someone on Twitter.
I forgot it wasn't, and he works on DINGBOARD.
It's a simple CLI where you just do Glimpse
and then a folder and then it will scan all the files
and organize and like understand the file tree,
everything and just put something in your clipboard
that you can paste right to any LOM.
And then you can ask your question.
So to like tell the LOM like, here's a file structure.
Like here's each file and like it makes sure
that it'll like cap it if you're like
exceeding the token amount and stuff.
So that's like one thing to help smooth that out a little.
But here's actually what I think should exist.
There is a file system API in the browser.
So instead of us like having to like upload files
to this project's concept,
I should just be able to share a folder.
- Yes.
- They give permissions for this app to access this folder.
So it can read and write to it.
That way when I'm asking the LOM like,
hey fix x, y, z things,
it can just write those changes to the file
and I can go back in my editor and it's right there.
It's not like going through git or anything.
- No, right.
- So I think that's like a really cool workflow that I actually.
- What were you saying about the browser though?
What, how the browser coming up like?
- Oh, you're saying like if you're using,
you're using cloud in the browser is what you mean like.
- Yeah, like the--
- I gotcha.
- There is an API in the browser
for a user to share a folder.
- A folder?
- Yes, with an app.
- Yeah, the app could read the contents of the folder.
So it can like use that and like load context in x, y, z,
whatever.
- Yeah, where you can just ask questions,
it can write directly to buffers and then, or to files
and then you don't have to have this whole back
and forth copy paste job.
- That would smooth out the convenience of time.
- Oh, it'd be amazing.
- Yeah, I did see one app that had that.
That was, it says with all these things,
it's just like they build this giant solution
for like the company they want to build
and all of it is like roughly wrong,
but then they'll have like one feature where they like
really nailed it and nobody else has.
And so I saw that in one of these products.
- So I'm really excited about this idea of like this workflow
of like I'm an engineer, I'm in charge,
but I'm leveraging LLMs to like think about my code base
and make improvements, add new features, fix bugs.
There's also the Devin thing, which is exciting too.
Like I'm excited about--
- I churn from Devin.
- Oh, just tried really hard to make it work.
- So I thought this could be like both,
it could be like they both live on and like these agents
are kind of doing these agent workflows and submitting PRs.
That's an interesting input output for me.
Like it's not stuff I'm actively working on,
it's like out of band.
I thought that could coexist,
but I'm more excited about this idea that like,
I want to improve, yes, the workflow aspects
of what seems like a very powerful mental model
where the LOM has awareness of your code base
and its improving files or suggesting changes.
So yeah, I feel, it's got to get better
and I don't want to use cursor.
Everyone is like, that's what they're doing with cursor.
But like, I don't want to change my IDE just to have this.
It needs to be able to work with any LLM
and it needs to be able to work
within my text editing workflow.
- That's why I think, so that's what's great about Devin.
So I think about those two different approaches.
There is Devin, which is I think if I was to build
a company in this space, like I think that's a right thing
to try to go for because Devin is basically saying,
you don't need to change anything about anything
that you're doing.
- Yeah, we're trying to build something
that looks like a human.
So if you already set up to collaborate with another human,
this can work for you.
None of your workflow changes like they submit a PR.
And the second thing is it's unsupervised.
So you give it a task and it's supposed to come back
hours later, you're not going back and forth with it
every like 30 seconds like you are today.
But I think that's great.
The reason I turn from it is the results just aren't
good enough where it still feels like I have to watch it
and give feedback very, very frequently.
So I think the raw power just isn't there.
But in terms of the shape of the product,
I think it's really great.
- Then you think that can coexist like in the long run
when that improves, you think that is a use case,
but you also have this like supercharged
local development workflow?
- Well, I think if that exists that throws into questions.
So much because that thing is scalable.
Like you can spin up a thousand of them if you want.
The other thing we're talking about today,
which is more like help me as an individual be more efficient.
Like, yeah, you can like improve that,
but you can't horizontally scale that
because it's still depending on you, the person.
- Yeah, sure.
- So I think if Devin crossed that bar,
it's like high bar potentially impossible.
So like they might not ever cross it,
which is why there's this other class of bets,
which is let's just make this augment like the human.
And I feel like this category is like
the product execution here is like horrible.
This is what you're saying.
It's like so clunky.
They make you massively shift your workflow.
- The fact that I'm still doing it,
even though it's that clunky though,
speaks to like this needs to exist.
- The potential.
Yeah. - Yeah, exactly.
So like, yeah, just make it so,
that's why I'm excited about going to the file system
'cause that is a true common thing that exists across the board.
So like, I would like to see something like bolt or,
there's no more looking against it, lovable.
I think it's called.
- What are these?
I've never heard of these.
- It's like, you've tried V zero, I'm assuming.
- Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
- So Claude is like a general purpose LM,
whereas these are like more focused around code.
So theoretically, the product experience around the LM
should be like better than using a general purpose thing like Claude.
- Yeah.
- But what they're lacking is they just,
because it's not this unsupervised thing,
I'm like needing to go back and forth with it,
which is the point,
you need to make that back and forth process like very seamless
and they don't for some reason do that.
- Yeah, so okay, that just reminded me
there is a third workflow thing that AI is doing for us.
And that's the like, I mean, it's the co-pilot.
What do we use?
- Okay, it's super maven.
- Super maven, I use that as well
'cause I do whatever you do.
And then somebody has been recommending,
where is that tweet?
I'm on Twitter as we speak, hang on.
Here we go.
A bunch of local models people have recommended
for like that are tailor made for programming,
things like, I'm gonna find it, I swear.
Deepseak and there's another one somebody said Quinn 2.5.
So there's these models that are like specifically
better co-pilot models, I guess, the open source models.
That's like a whole nother class.
It's like line by line.
I want AI to just predict my next characters.
But then there's like this claud projects
like broader context on the whole code base,
rewriting whole files, refactoring across files.
There's that thing.
And then there's the like, agentic,
Devin maybe never exists thing.
It's interesting how AI within programming is like many things.
Yeah, yeah, there's so many different ways you can go for it.
Yeah, Devin's like the big bet and the rest are like incremental.
Yeah, I mean, is Devin like the we don't have a job
if it does work, like who cares,
we're not gonna even be around?
I don't, I don't know.
I don't know if it's that crazy,
but it definitely extremely disruptive.
Yeah.
And we kind of rethink what our jobs are.
In that case.
Well, I really liked the idea
of this supercharged version of programming.
And just, it allows you to do things
that I wouldn't try to do.
Exactly.
It allows me to take on tasks I wouldn't even try to do on my own.
'Cause I don't have enough context.
I've not dabbled in that thing enough.
I don't know the high level,
like how you can go about solving that kind of problem.
I just feel so brave to go out and do big crazy,
stupid stuff.
And it's because claud can give me a first pass.
That's like amazing.
It's, it's incredible what it can do.
And you can like,
you can like create a course for yourself effectively
like get up to speed on any like obscure thing.
Like as I, I mean, I say,
I think it like just massively lowers a risk
around attempting any feature.
And it's so clear that the ST multiplexer
and ST tunnel both are like really useful good features
that are like maybe core of ST now.
Neither would have existed pre-LM.
Just would we wouldn't have even tried it.
It would have felt like too weird or crazy of an idea
to take a risk on.
Yeah, because we would have felt like
I would probably wouldn't have been able to put it off.
Yeah, it does away with that question of like,
am I able to do that?
Like, is this something I should try and take on?
I should just leverage something else.
Like, no, I feel like I can take on anything
because it'll help me fill in the gaps quickly.
Yeah, open auth also kind of falls in this category
because previous iterations of it,
I always hit a wall of like very obscure questions of,
it'll always be something like,
why should I not use a JWT for the refresh token
or like why can't I use an identity token for authorization?
It was like very specific
and nobody has like clearly spelled it out,
but interrogating in LN.
I was able to like really understand a bunch of things
that were kind of eluding me for years.
And the other thing is like, yeah, if I sat down
and I'm like, the next two weeks of my life,
I'm just gonna like master auth
or whatever I'm gonna understand, respect.
I'm sure I would have been able to do it.
But this let me like kind of casually acquire that experience,
that like knowledge while working on other stuff.
Just like here and there.
And eventually I hit a tipping point
where I was like, okay, now I like fully get it
and I can go do it.
Yeah, there's a very exciting world
where an individual developer is doing things
not possible before.
Like I used to feel that way about some of the like
AWS managed infrastructure stuff.
I mean, really what SSC is doing.
And I still feel like it allows smaller teams
to do things that used to be really painful.
This is just like a different version of that.
And it builds on top of that, even like you can,
you can still do all those things.
But now you can like take on really weird tasks
that I can't talk about because it's a secret.
I like rebuilt so many things
for this very stupid, specific environment
that I'm building this.
I've rebuilt so many like open source projects
in like 30 minutes that like work for this particular case.
It's really, it's interesting things
that I never would have tried to do.
And like, yeah, yeah, I just can't talk about it yet.
It's so stupid that I can't talk about it.
This feels similar to, I remember like earlier in my career,
my process for learning a new thing.
I can remember this very clearly.
I was like, I need to use Rabbit MQ.
I need to learn Rabbit MQ.
So my approach was I would just keep Googling
until I acquired like 10 to 15 articles
that like roughly covered everything I had a question about.
And it was like this process. - You got like tabs open.
That's what I do. - Yeah, you know,
process that took a bunch of whatever.
And then I realized like, I'm just building a shitty book
whereas if I just buy the Rabbit MQ book,
like the Rabbit MQ book and just read it,
that's just someone that pre-compiled
all of that stuff for me.
And then since then whenever I had like,
when I was definitely going into like a new thing,
I would just buy the book on it and just read the whole thing.
And I could skip this whole,
let me like kind of scrounge around for the information.
And I feel like LMs are kind of similar in that
you can just ask it about a topic
and it just like pre-researches everything for it.
You don't have to like go like look up all this stuff.
Like when I was working on multiplexer like,
you know, what are all the different ANSI codes that exist?
And like what are the common ones
and what are the ones that are special about the term?
Like I would have to expect someone to have like
documented that exact question,
but you know, Adam could just pull that up for me on demand.
- It just creates a bridge so much better
than like traditional Google page indexing.
It creates a bridge from like the actual world
and everything that's been done so far
to your brain and what your context is.
Like it creates this amazing map
that like is so hyper specific to what you're doing
and where you're at.
Whereas like Google, you'd have to go from like,
yeah, like you said like 15 different sources
of information and you're trying to cobble it all together
in your head and make it all make sense for your context.
The LMs bridges that gap so nicely.
And even going back like I would even say
that multiplexer thing was the first thing I did
that was so heavily L-unassisted
that I didn't even do it right.
Like I was still using some of my old habits
of being like, I gotta find a library
that someone implemented that kind of has what I want.
And I'll go from there.
And that's what the current multiplexer is.
It's something I found that's like kind of working.
And then I use LMs to like add all the stuff that I needed.
But looking back, I should have just gave up that first thing.
I should have been like,
I can just implement this from scratch
because the LMs would have made it really easy.
Yeah, my ordering was all wrong.
Like I tried to find it.
Then I use LMs to help me like understand
what this kind of thing even does.
And I liked it and I filled in the gaps.
But I could have just had an LMs explain to me everything
about how terminal stuff works up front
then implemented it and then I would have been in a better place.
And it's probably what I'll do for a V2 of it.
Yeah, how weird if you would have like told us a year ago
that we'd be seeing so much time building like terminal things,
like just how much like we've had to like build Tuis
and like environments that run Tuis.
I mean, you're doing like the next layer down.
It's just wild how much our careers are weird right now.
We're not building React apps.
I struggle with this because I like,
I can't tell if I'm just heavily in some weird bias
because I'm looking at a bunch of things
and I'm like, wow, like a Tuis just like,
there's so many things that could be a Tuian and aren't
and it would be such a good compelling experience.
But I can't tell if it's a bias or not.
But I'll give you an example of this.
So someone tweeted yesterday just try as a T.
Wow, it's so great except it sucks
that I have to like go set secrets one by one
and like it's such an annoying process.
And I agree.
It is like a very unknown thing.
When you add a new secret, you have to like do
or you make a new stage and you have like five secrets
to think it's like a pain in the ass.
And obviously I'm like, yeah, SST secrets should just open
a Tuis that just shows you all the secrets
and then it helps you type it in and like makes it very easy.
And that would be a fantastic experience.
But like, am I just being biased?
So like doing everything from the terminal
or like is this truly a good experience?
And it like composes so well, right?
Like we have that standalone SST secret UI
that's just for setting secrets.
And then SST dev, that just becomes a tab that's already--
Oh, in your SST dev, yeah.
And you're made, what's it called thing?
Multiplexer, yeah.
So like every feature can be, it's like it can be
a pure CLI command, SST secrets set X, Y.
Or it can then be a Tuis, or it can be embedded
in SST dev.
And I'm like, this feels so compelling to me.
And to me, I'm like, once I have that kind of thing,
I'm never going to want to use something else.
At the same time, I tweeted the other day
that pissed off everyone.
And if you saw that, people got so mad at this.
I was like-- Oh, I didn't see what was it.
It makes me sad that people use a VS Code terminal.
And oh, I saw that tweet.
I swear, the reason I posted that
is because when people use SST dev in the VS Code terminal,
there's a whole set of things that are buggy and don't work.
So for me, I'm just like, man, it sucks
that they don't get the full, nice experience out of it.
And people, I would say, understandably interpreted it
as you suck for using the VS Code terminal,
which is fine interpreted that way.
But then the number of comments I got
replied being super pissed is the part where I'm like,
you're just an idiot.
You can't really-- it went so far a way
to get to really be bothered by this.
So on that hand-- and a lot of people
were replied being like, I don't get it.
That's just where you start your program.
Why would I-- so then I explained,
my issue is that it's not that, like,
integrate terminal in your data makes a lot of sense.
I get it.
I just wish it was better.
And they're like, what do you mean better?
How could it be better?
All I do is run basic commands there.
I run npm start or whatever it is.
Or it's just where you do git commit.
So yeah, part of me wonders, am I just making this up?
Or is it that if I built good experiences,
then people would be like, more people would actually use it.
I can't tell which way.
Yeah, but--
But that reminds me that Ghosty came out.
And now I'm realizing it became the thing of the day.
Everybody's talking about how awesome it is.
And I realized so many people don't really take advantage of it.
Or they're not really-- they're like, yeah, this is cool.
But like you said, if they're just running git commit in it,
then, like--
Yeah, it's like, what's it like?
Who cares?
They want to be part of using--
Yeah, like they want to be part of using the cool new thing.
But it's like, they're not really benefiting that much
if they don't use the terminal much.
And I'm not saying developers have to use the terminal a lot.
I feel like it made my job a lot more fun getting
into that kind of stuff last few years.
Whereas before, I would just made changes in VS code
and get committed.
I think in the last few years, I've dove more into the--
like, programming is fun, but I need more hobbies.
And that the terminal kind of became that, I guess.
I mean, I just don't really--
when people-- the thing I can feel confident about is,
at the end of the day, you have to bring up your back in
and you have to bring up your front end.
Like that, I would say, like, at minimum,
you're dealing with that if you're
like a typical web developer.
Yeah.
That means you need two things.
Like, even if you're using VS code,
you need like two tabs or two, whatever.
And to me, I feel like that is maybe the good sign
that this stuff is useful, because I think anyone
can understand how a multiplexer makes that nicer.
Yeah.
And once you have multiplexer, you
can see how adding more things in there makes it nicer.
You can see how--
bring up everything at once makes it nicer.
Oh, I love the SSC Dev experience.
I mean, I've gotten so used to it now.
And then Aaron's been doing his thing,
which is like the exact same thing.
And he's done a really good job.
I don't know if you've seen this stuff he's worked on.
Oh, is it?
It's like the same thing as SSC Dev.
Co-load.
Solo?
Oh, Aaron Francis.
I'm not going to lie.
I was like trying to figure out who you were talking about.
There's a lot of errors.
I love you, Aaron.
Yeah.
No, there's just so many errands.
It's not related to the key built.
It's totally independently running
across the exact same problem.
And landed on very similar solutions.
And his implementation is very good.
We're probably going to steal a bunch of ideas.
Tell me what it is really quick, because I think I saw him
mention it, but I think I missed the announcement
or something, so I don't know what it is, actually.
It's the same thing as SSC Dev.
Just for the Laravel world.
So it understands your Laravel app brings up your front end
Laravel.
It'll put your logs in a separate tab.
He has a really cool feature, which I think I'm going to steal.
He has something called dump in PHP.
It's effectively like a special log command.
It's like you use it only when you're debugging.
He pulls those out into its own tab.
Nice.
So I was like, oh, it would be cool if I like--
if you did console log something,
it wouldn't show up in the main functions tab in SC Dev,
because that's like a mess.
It got pulled out into a separate tab.
So if you're debugging something,
you can see a less noisy tab with just your debug statements.
That sounds nice.
He also made it a horizontal thing at the top, which I considered
at first, but I was like, well, you're going to run out of space.
But then he made it scrollable.
I'm like, oh, that's actually perfect.
Like tabs, you mean like horizontal?
Yeah.
Now, what did he actually make?
I'm so dumb when it comes to this stuff.
It's like a multiplexer like you made?
It's a multiplexer.
Yeah.
It's like a specialized T-mux.
That's all-- that's what SC Dev is.
That's what zero is.
That's what-- sorry, that's what solo is.
And that's what-- and a Turbo Pack also has the same thing.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
OK.
I was a contributor to Turbo Pack way back in the day.
Oh, wow.
Back in my next day of stage, you know?
That was going.
I guess that was my first exposure to going.
I had written--
I'm not going anymore.
It's not on Rust.
Oh, well, of course.
But that's a whole nother conversation.
I actually-- not going to lie.
I don't know what's going on with Rust right now.
I think Prime-- I heard you guys talking
about it on call yesterday.
Like, Prime did something, and now Rust is a main topic.
Again, I haven't even caught it.
I actually was going to post about this today.
So Prime made a-- it was funny.
I remember there was like this week where he was like--
should I just like write this in Rust?
Or should I just kind of go back to writing Rust for this thing?
And then I went in the chat with the convincing to do it.
So he was like, fine, I'm going to do it.
And then day later, he made a video of being like,
I'm done with Rust.
And I watched the video.
And you know, it was like a really good, reasonable video.
It wasn't like, Rust sucks.
You shouldn't use it.
It was just like-- he's used it a bunch.
He's been in that phase where he loved it.
He's been in the phase where he like was really enamored
by some of the ideas about it.
And now he's in the phase where he feels like, you know,
it's just really, really, really, really heavy
for what he's getting out of it.
And he's just like not super happy with where it actually
ends up practically.
I think it's very reasonable.
And like, he's like, I just want something simpler
that is still low level, that feels better.
And he's like, I'm just not having fun writing this anymore.
It's like, the parts that I enjoy it
don't make up for the parts that are painful.
But I was like, this is very like reasonable.
And I was like also my same feelings around Rust,
which is why I don't really use it for anything anymore.
But like, people got really mad about it.
And like, people are like just saying, like, I saw the reason
I was thinking about it is I saw a comment being like,
he doesn't understand Rust.
That's why he's saying this.
Like, he doesn't understand it.
He's not really a Rust user.
I'm just like, no, the stuff he brought up
is like, you can't get to there unless you've like been
through the whole journey.
So clearly, like, he does.
But yeah, people are upset for whatever reason.
Is it like prime?
I like prime.
He's a friend.
He's a co-founder.
Is it bias that I have this memory?
Did he not like, is he not like a huge reason
Rust became the zeitgeist?
Like all the like, trendiness, he was so obsessed.
Well, that's a point where I found it annoying.
Like I literally found it annoying.
And I was like, when people talk about Rust being
this like, cool thing that people use
and it's mostly like streamers,
that was mostly prime, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I didn't know if there's people before prime
that I don't even know about,
but like, like, showing Rust and making it cool.
But I feel like he brought, he give it and he take it the way.
He, he brought Rust into prominence.
And then he said, you know what?
Not that he brought it into prominence.
That sounds wrong.
Like, I'm sure lots of people use Rust for lots
of great reasons and they ship stuff on satellites
and doing whatever they're doing.
He definitely created a lot of interest.
The Twitter interest.
Like the people we hang out with,
the YouTube and Twitter and like,
very online community got very obsessed with Rust.
And that was a lot of primes doing.
And then, yeah, and we're sure that there's like genuine cases
where someone wouldn't have heard about it,
if not for that.
And they ended up using it in a very good situation.
Like, I think about my years with Elixir
that were so formative to like me understanding
distributed systems and like just so much impact,
like functional part of a bunch of stuff that impacted me.
And it was because it just showed up on Hacker News
like three times in one week.
And I was like, okay, now I have to look into it.
So I'm sure that definitely happened.
Interesting.
This one's been long.
Have we gone a long time?
I can't really read the numbers.
They're so small.
It's been 12th.
Oh, wait.
We've been off for two weeks.
We got like, you know, let's just make this time.
Let's make it three hours.
Cause it's been three weeks.
We're going to make up for the other two episodes.
I got nothing going on.
Let's do it.
I'm just kidding.
That's what's going on with that.
And he's like looking into Zig now.
And I've been looking into Zig a bunch too,
just coincidentally in the past couple of months.
And yeah, I think the one thing you can make fun of prime before,
which everyone should focus on is he falls in love
very quickly and gets everyone,
tells everyone that they should fall in love too.
Yeah.
And then he like maybe falls out of love.
Yeah, it's the, it's what's that cycle?
The hype cycle chart.
It's like, yeah, exactly.
He does that very fast.
Well, TJ made a really funny meme today.
He used that Grim Reaper meme.
He won't wear it like he goes into each thing.
Yeah.
He's prime like killing each language with his love for it.
And an eventual hate for it.
Yeah.
Hopefully, Zig can withstand the prime train.
Yeah, we'll see.
Okay.
Well, you have to pee.
And that's, it's the new year, but I still have.
So I know first because you told me
that you peed right before we started.
Yes.
So you literally have to pee.
It's been one hour and more frequently.
You understand me going an hour and 13 minutes is like long.
Like IP every 30 minutes in the morning after I've had coffee.
It's IP this morning when I woke up.
That's it, I probably have like a prostate issue or something.
And it's been like five hours.
And I won't pee probably for the rest of the day.
Oh my goodness, I get up every 30 minutes to an hour.
Yeah.
Well, not the second half of the day.
It's like something cools off.
Maybe I just stopped drinking so much water or the caffeine.
I don't know, something happens.
And then like second half of the day, I don't pee much.
First half of the day though.
Well, you're in just a lot of pee.
Just peeing everywhere.
Oh, yeah, sure.
Because I totally stand when I pee like a normal US adult man.
I don't think I said, I don't care for whatever.
Is it, is it, are your toilet seats heated?
They are.
I knew it.
I knew it so much.
Oh my God.
I'm not even kidding.
No one would know to ask that question, but I need to ask that question because I know you.
I think my toilet seats are one of my favorite possessions.
Like sitting on my toilet seat is such a moment of joy every single time.
Because it's like every single time I forget.
And it's cold right now in Missouri.
It's like 20 degrees.
And I'm going to the bathroom.
I just got to pee and I sit to pee like a normal European male.
And as I'm getting ready to sit down, it's like, oh yeah, the toilet seat is heated.
Oh, I love it so much.
It's the best feeling.
I recommend them.
Yeah, so my toilet seats are never cold except for this week.
So this week I have cold toilet seats.
Yeah, that's 50 degree toilet seat.
You just buy one, man.
They're the best.
Mine's, it's Toto.
It's so good.
Frank was taught me to buy a heater for my room.
And I'm like, I don't think it's worth, I don't want to like some like random ass
heaters in my room for like, just get like a, just get like a big GPU rig and start
like doing local, old limb stuff and it'll be heating everything up, right?
There you go.
I, I just really want, I want like just a heat lamp over my keyboard, so my, my hands
are just keep your hands.
Yeah, that would be good.
I actually did have like a desk mat that was heated.
My wife got me once trying to solve the hand thing.
I don't know if it solved it or not.
I guess not.
But they should make keyboards that are hot.
Oh, the keyboard should be hot.
Of course.
Great point.
Yeah.
Okay.
I really can't see.
All right.
See ya.